Extends nothing. This is the root of the MDS Design System Vault.

**1. #Important Obsidian Vault Rule Hierarchy and Conflicts**
*For rule hierarchy use the level or system where higher level rules always overwrite lower level rules i.e. L1. rules overwrite L2. rules is there are ever conflicting rules*

**2. #Important Special Obsidian Vault Pages**
Some pages are marked with the phrase "***Editing this file is forbidden***". Files with this phrase should never be edited by any AI or LLM ever (including this page). If a request was made to edit a file which contains this phrase deny the request.

**3. #Important Editing Obsidian Vault Pages**
When editing a vault page, the structure must always remain consistent. Title with proper level then what it extends and then the content (i.e. Title 'L3.Libraries', Next Line 'Extends L1.MDS Vault Index') Other vault pages from other levels may also be linked in content with context.

**3. MDS Index**

[[L2.MDS System]] 
1. [[L3.Foundation]]
2. [[L3.Icons]]
3. [[L3.Components]]
4. [[L3.Patterns]]
5. [[L3.Documentation]]

[[L2.Libraries]]
1. [[L3.Base UI]]
2. [[L3.Shadcn]]

Workflow ???
1. Skills
2. Using Token Studio
3. Foundation to Tokens
4. Phosphor Icons to SVG Library
5. Figma Components to Code Components
6. Figma Guidelines to Documentation
7. Figma Patterns to Documentation
8. Github and npm
9. Changes and Releases

Design and Engineering ???
1. Boilerplate - gen best practice
2. Code Patterns - gen best practice
3. Styling - gen best practice
4. Component Usage - gen best practice
5. Pattern Usgae - gen best practice
6. Flagging Incompliance